Previously on "brothers & sisters"...
the, uh, golden plum deal is all signed.
I gave you instructions to tell
graham that the deal was off.
Maybe it's time for you to
have some faith in my judgment.
Did you know this whole time?
Did I know what?
That you're my father.
Why don't we file for
domestic partnership?
That entitles you to the
insurance from my firm.
I said I was gonna take
care of it, and I will.
David's not my father.
So you're--you're
still a walker.
For a second, I couldn't tell if
you were happy or--or disappointed.
Why wouldn't I be happy? It's wonderful.
The doctor called me to tell me that
none of our embryos are viable, not one.
I'm gonna take the red-eye out tonight.
You're leaving?
Golden plum just filed for bankruptcy.
The bank's gonna call in the loan.
$20 million.
Would you stop staring at me?
Believe me, I wish I didn't have to.
I-I would like to think that
there is still some hope left here.
- Well, we could sell the building.
- Yeah
Not that that would save us.
Look, sarah, it's hard
enough without you--
without what, saul?
Without me being realistic?
We have burned through every contact we have
trying to find a replacement for golden plum.
It doesn't exist.
We're stuck with all these export contracts,
and our loan is about to be called in.
You don't know that. He's been on the
phone for 15 minutes with the bank.
They're probably negotiating right now.
Or he could be on hold.
Saul, how could you?
How could you go behind my back and sign off
on thideal when I explicitly told you not to?
they're not budging.
God. I can't believe this.
There's nothing they can do.
They c grant an extension on the loan.
Come on. No, they can't afford to.
The bank is losing $10 million
in write-downs every week.
They won't risk it.
So what's the bottom lin
uh, we cover the loan in the next
48 hours or go into receivership.
Look, look, there-- there
has to be another bank.
Who'll give us $20 million in a credit
crunch? It's not gonna happen, saul.
all right, can I say
something? This is not the end.
The bank can't take your
knowledge, your experience.
Is this what you do?
You-- you decimate companies and--and
then, what, give them a pep talk?
Okay, sarah, I--I'm
just trying to help.
Then why don't you give us back the money
we paid you to get us into this mess?
Because I'm a consultant.
I'm not a fortune-teller. Nobody could've
predicted the hedge fund going under.
And just for the record, that money you gave
me was to generate ideas, not make decisions.
That's your joB.
I mean, if there's some sort of familial
dysfunction when it comes to communicating,
that's not my problem.
Actually, graham, none
of this is your problem.
Would you please excuse me?
I'd like to talk to saul alone.
Fine. Fine by me.
I gotta tell mom.
No. No, no. No.
I'll--I'll do that.
No, I'll do it.
Losing ojai will be hard enough for mom.
She doesn't have to know what
you did. Nobody ever does.
No, saul. No.
I'm sorry. I'm still not clear.
- What exactly went wrong with
her...Cycle or-- - oh, honey, honey.
our--our embryos
weren't viable.
Once we did the genetic testing, we
found they were chromosomally abnormal.
Senator, I know this
process can be frustrating.
But next time, we're gonna get
kitty to produce fewer eggs,
- hopefully get a better quality.
- Okay.
We just need you to take
this cycle off, kitty.
Let your body recover.
Oh, so we won't be trying this month?
What about the old-fashioned way?
Are we allowed to, or is that
still out of the question?
Honey, I.V.F.Didn't even worK.
But we've been pregnant before.
Well, yeah, but we had a miscarriage.
Uh, first of all, yes, you
are allowed to have sex.
As for getting pregnant, I'll be
honest, the statistics aren't great.
But as we've discussed,
you are ovulating, kitty.
It is your fertile window.
fertile window.
48 hours.
Honey, honey, what about
the-- what about the kids?
- They just landed. We have plenty of time.
- Okay.
Wait a minute. I need to be horizontal.
- Honey, the coffee table? -
Yeah. Remember the time we--
I have to lie there for 30 minutes...
with my legs in the air.
Okay, what if your kids walk in? Is
that the image you want them to see?
Bed. Done.
Oh, my god. Have I missed that.
Yeah. Yeah. Me, too.
oh, my god. Oh, my god. It's the kids.
Robert, I thought you said we had time.
We did, technically. just a minute!
Well, what am i supposed to do?
I'm gonna tell 'em
you're in the bathroom.
For 30 minutes?
You're taking a nap.
- In the bathroom?
- Just...
stay there and, uh, marinate.
so you realize there are 7 year
olds that can do this, right?
Wait, so I didn't lose my music?
You know, I'm no genius bar,
but I think that you're all set.
It's resyncing and... resyncing.
Cool.
- Hey, at least I can use my camera, though, right?
- Yeah.
Actually, you should see my new shots.
Yeah, that--that'd
be cool.
Come on. There's some
hanging in my room.
Uh, you know what? I should,
uh, I should get going.
- What, you're gonna sync and run?
- yeah.
I thought we'd go do something.
Yeah, you know, I-I just had some
odds and ends, stuff to do. That's all.
Justin, you know, we haven't really
hung out since we went surfing,
and, you know, I just-- I
want things to be normal again.
Y-you don't think things are
normal? Things are normal.
No, j--no, just, well--
well, what about tomorrow?
Do you want to maybe go grab a
double-double, see something at the vista?
Dinner and a movie?
Isn't that what we always do?
Justin, is something wrong?
No, no, no, no. Um, I have a date.
Yeah. Finally.
- Oh, that's awesome.Great.
- Yeah. Yeah.
No, great. Who is she?
It's no one. I-I mean, you
know, someone, obviously.
A chick. A hot chick.
- But she--she's smart, too, and
she--she's cool...And we talk a lot. - good.
Like, there's a lot
of, uh, conversation.
- No, great.No, no, yeah.sounds like the compte
package. - Yeah, 'cause that's, like, an important--
She totally is like a complete package.
when do I get to meet her?
- Um, you know-
- hey, becca.
- Hi, justin.
- Oh, holly, hey.
I'm, uh, I'm gonna go.
Uh, uh, good to see you.
bye.
Have fun.
he sure left in a hurry.
Yeah, guys seem to do
that a lot around here.
If you're talking
about david, I'm sorry.
It's not exactly what I wanted either.
Uh, there's-- there's
no need to explain.
Well, I wish I could.
I haven't spoken to him since he
left, not that I should be surprised.
I don't know. I thought it was
gonna be different this time.
I know you liked him.
No, it's no big deal.
Listen, if you-- if you want to talk, there's
no reason why we can't be open about this.
No, I think I know enough already.
receivership?
You told me ojai was doing well.
We were doing okay.
We thought that if we expanded
our operations into china--
china?We're not a
multinational conglomerate.
We're a small,
family-run fruit business.
Mom, the only people making
money right now are exporters.
It's a really tough business climate.
I don't live in a news
blackout, sarah. I can read.
Then you should know that
doing nothing was not an option.
China is the biggest
market in the world.
- Unfortunately-
- unfortunately?
Unfortunately? No, no.
Unfortunately is, "oops, I dented the car
fender. I spilled red wine on the sofa."
Unfortunately is not
"I ruined ojai," sarah.
How much do we owe?
$20 million.
no, no, no, no. This
is not gonna happen.
You're gonna get on the phone now.
You're gonna call the lawyers,
call the banks, call china.
I don't care what time it is. Tell 'em you
want out of the deal, you want your money back.
It doesn't work like that, mother.
We have gone over every possible
scenario, every solution.
What does tommy say?
I wanted you to be the first to know.
You just said you'd exhausted
every possible option.
Well, tommy can't help us.
You haven't even asked.
Asked him what, mother? To put up the vineyard
as collateral, to take on all of ojai's debt?
Walker landing is a young company.
It would be financial suicide.
What, are you too proud to
ask, sarah? Are you too jealous?
I'm telling you, mom, he won't
do it. He shouldn't do it.
And even if he wanted to do
it, holly would never let him.
Going to them would just-- it
would be an exercise in humiliation.
I'm sorry, sarah. You no
longer have a say in it.
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
proudly presents
sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
Brothers&Sisters
Season02 Episode15
mom, just send a messenger.
Okay, fine. Send justin. Yep, he's
cheaper. Okay, just tell him 1:00.B--
hey, I thought we were
having lunch today.
Yes, we--yes, we were, ex--okay,
look, sarah's made a really bad deal.
Mom is freaking out. I really
need to get into it, okay?
I'm so sorry. I know we had a plan.
Kevin, it's--it's lunch,
not my bar mitzvah.
Yeah, no. I-I just don't want you to
think that I don't respect your time,
because I do, and I-- I will--I
will totally make this up to you.
Good.
How about changing our lightbulbs
for those eco ones I got?
As soon as I get home, I'm--I'm--I'm
on it. And you know what? Not just that.
But from now on, no more plastic bottles,
no more blasting the A.C., And what else?
Uh, using the canvas bags
when you go grocery shopping?
The canvas bag. I love that bag.
Okay, kevin, there is no way you care this
much about the carbon footprint of this loft.
I wish you did, but you don'T.
I know why you've been acting guilty lately,
and I've been letting you go on in this
"overapologizing, please
scotty" mode, but it's too much.
What do you mean?
Kevin, just because I didn't like the
incredibly lame way you pseudo proposed to me
over a hospital bill doesn't mean I'm not happy
with our relationship exactly as it is now.
- You are?
- Of course.
We don't need to rush anything.
I love how things have been going.
So stop acting so
guilty... and go to work.
Okay, look, I'll get home early. We'll
get ougreen on. Anything you want.
- You're doing it again.
- Sorry.
What exactly do you want us to do?
There's thing we can do.
Do you realize how
reckless this was, sarah?
Nobody could've predicted this hedge
fund was gonna go down.It was the top--
you just didn't do your homework.
Tommy, this isn't helpful.
She was sleeping with graham, okay? She lost
all objectivity. Those are the facts. I'm sorry.
You're not above sleeping with
an employee yourself, tommy.
She was an office manager, okay?
I wasn't making
multimillion-dollar deals with her.
- Plse let us just stick to the point.
- All right.
So what exactly did you commit to?
1,800 stores.
That's a big investment.
So you must have taken on a lot of
contracts to meet that kind of demand.
That's right.
We, um, leased dock space, shipping
containers, upped our processing and packaging--
just tell us how much the loan was for.
$20 million.
$20 million?
Can I just say, I wasn't the
only one behind this deal?
Yeah, but you made the call.
- You're the boss, right?
- Yes, tommy.
I made the call. And
I'm trying to fix it.
Sorry. We don't have 20 million
bucks just laying around.
- I told you this was a waste of time, mother.
- Sarah, please. Sit down.
Tommy, listen to me.
I know how hard you've
worked to build your business.
I watched your father do the same thing.
But the truth is, there would be no
walker landing without ojai foods.
Nora, I empathize with your predicament
and ojai's, but this is a huge undertaking.
Do you have some kind of formal
proposal that we can look at?
We're working one up at the moment.
Well, get it to us as soon as possible.
Thank you.
Anything you can do to help, please.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is the proposal
sarah's asked for, okay?
I've marked where she
has to sign right here.
This one's for her. This one's
for m-- are you even listening?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, this one, uh, this one
goes to sarah, and this one, uh, goes to mom.
No, other way.
You all right?
I don't know. No, I'm not.
There's something wrong with me, bro.
Yeah, that's obvious.
Look, you remember when we
went surfing the other day,
you and tommy accused me of
hiding something about rebecca?
Yeah, vaguely.
There was a minute there where--where
she wasn't sure if she was our sister.
- She's not? - No, she is.
She--she took a test, bu.
when I--when I found that
out, I-I was--I was kinda...
I was kinda into that
idea that she wasn'T.
Why would you not want her
to be a part of the family?
No, I-I do. I just...
I-I wasn't unhappy with the
fact that-- that she wasn'T.
- What are you talking about?
- God, kevin. How are you not getting this?
Look, I-I know you're gay,
but you have eyes, you know.
She--she's not, like,
un-unattractive, you know?
You're attracted to our sister?
- Because I thought she wasn'T. That's what I'm saying.
- shut up.
my god, you are sick. What...
- have you t- -
no!No! Of course not.
Look, I swear, I only thought of this when--
when this whole paternity thing came up,
and it was, like,
just a-- like a moment,
and--and now I'm freaked out
because what if it happens again?
You have to stay away from her.
I know. I'm trying to-- to avoid her,
but she keeps wanting to hang out.
Like, kev, I'm making up, like, hot chicks
that I'm supposedly dating so I can avoid her.
- Stop talking.
- I told you. I'm the most disgusting person in the world.
Okay, okay. Let's--let's just--
let's just talk about this rationally.
It's-- it's not entirely abnormal that you
could possibly have these feelings, okay?
You weren't raised together.
You--your--you know, you met as adults,
and you clearly have boundary issues.
No, I know, I know.
So you just need a lile time-out to
stop thinking about... inbreeding.
- Ke-kevin!
- What?
I'm trying to be sup-- why
did you even tell me this?
Because you asked me, kevin! You know
what? I'm j-- I'm just gonna tell her.
I mean, I'm gonna get it out there
and make sure everything's okay-
- Absolutely not.
-what?
Do not talk to her about--
don't talk to anyone about this.
Seriously, I love you, and I get
that because she's not a sister,
you might have thought things might have
worked out a-a little more complicated,
but she is, okay?
So you just have to put that in a box or
behind you or somewhere and forget about it,
and never, ever speak of this again.
Look,
kev--
Kevin,
I just--
- Mom and saraH.
- Yeah, mom and sarah.
Can I poke my head in, or
are you gonna chop it off?
No, I don't have the energy.
So how'd it go at walker landing?
Awful. I'm glad my father's dead.
It'd kill him to see what a
mistake it wa leaving me in charge.
Oh, come on.
If there's someone to
blame, it's your uncle.
Why are you taking the fall?
It's not that simple.
Well--
it's family.
Yeah, ties, you know,
but blind allegiance--
look, uh, graham, I don't
expect you to understand.
- Now don't do that.
- What?
Don't try to shut me out.
Shut you out of what, graham?
Look around you. There's no money left.
- There's nothing left to consult on.
- Oh, come on. You know what? Just stop. Cut it out.
You know I'm not talking
about my next paycheck.
I care about you.
Graham, I don't know what
I'm feeling right now.
Don't put pressure on me.
I didn't mean to.
It's just, uh...
you don't have to do this to yourself.
Hello?
Nora?
Rebecca.
Uh, what are you doing here?
Uh, I was just returning
your mom's mini chop.
I love using it, but I hate cleaning it.
wait, what are you doing?
Uh, just making a sandwich?
Don't you have a date?
Oh, yeah. Um, she, uh,
she had to cancel, so...
well, why didn't you call me?
Oh, I'm--I'm really
okay with it. Thanks.
No, about doing something. I
mean, we talked about plans.
Oh, rit.
Are you sure nothing's bothering you?
No, I'm good. I'm good.
Let's go to the movies.
So I've gone over your proposal.
Come on, kevin. Just yell at me, please.
Far too easy. I'd rather yell at
that idiot consultant of yours.
Oh, come oN. He was just
doing what he's paid to do.
Yeah, catastrophically.
Please tell me you fired him.
I think he knows he's out of a job.
You haven't?
He still has loose ends to tie up.
What, and--and if he didn't,
you'd--you'd somehow create them,
because, incredibly, you still
have feelings for this guy.
I didn't say that.
You know what? I am gonna yell at you,
actually, because after what he did,
he shouldn't be within
a mile of this place.
Are you still sleeping with him?
No, nothing's
happened since th--
wow, how restrained of you.
What's wrong with you people?
Look, kevin, I had
a fling-- one fling--
after my incredibly
excruciating divorce.
And yes, for a minute,
I was... I was having fun.
I was actually having a good time.
Come on, kevin.
Isn't there anything that you can do to
get us out of these contracts? Some...
loophole, anything?
Not that I can see.
you needed me?
Oh, saul. Thank god you're here.
Maybe you can find
something in this mess.
Look at this. These
are william's old files.
Yes, I dragged them out of storage.
I thought maybe there was an asset
or an account that we overlooked--
anything that could help undo
this disaster that sarah's created.
I never thought she was capable
of doing something like this.
She didn't do it.
Oh, saul... please don'T.
You always stick up for her.
I appreciate it, but not now.
She didn't do it. This
is my fau. I did this.
What are you talking about?
She didn't want to tell you.
she wanted to go slower, she
wanted to be more cautious.
Sarah told me to kill the deal.
Instead, I signed off on it myself.
You signed off on it, after she said no?
I-I thought I saw an opportunity, you know, one
that was gonna benefit the company and also maybe...
change my life.
Where are you going?
What--what are you doing?
I've gotta talk to sarah.
My god, saul, what have you done?
Um, so we should probably just
get the combo to share, right?
Uh, actually, I like to get my own.
But it's cheaper the other way.
Yeah, like $1.
Besides, I got, like, this--
this throat tickle thing.
You know, your--your hand's
in, it's in your mouth,
and it's like a bucket of
germs, you know? So let'S...
okay, popcorn nazi.
You two together?
- Yeah.
- No.
I mean, ac-actually, we're--
we're paying separately.
Right, yeah, of course. Go ahead.
I have to hand it to your sister.
This proposal is thorough.
Far-fetched, but thorough.
$20 million.
- It's not your mistake, tommy.
- I know.
But how would my dad have felt if I
just stood by and watched ojai go under?
Your family will be fine.
What about the people that work there?
But people depend on us here, too.
If we go in and ve ojai and something
would happen to walker landing,
we can't even go to a bank.
We would be completely overextended.
I don't know how to tell them.
So put it on me.
where's your popcorn?
I finished it.
You know what? Why don't you
just go ahead and take it?
I'm done with it. It's all yours.
- What, does my breath smell or something?
- What?
No. I'm just-- I'm
watching the movie.
Will you just not touch me?
- justin- -
sorry.be quiet.
- What is going on with you?
- Nothing.
- Sorry.
- Will you just talk?
where are you going?
The bathroom. I don't
know. Stop following me.
Following you? You're my ride.
I need some space, okay?
Justin, you've been
acting like I repulse you.
- I mean, what did I do?
- Nothing. Nothing.
Is it--is it that
girl? Because I get it.
- If you don't have enough time for me,
I-I totally get it. - There's no girl.
What about the hot chick?
I made her up because I didn't
want to go to the movies with you.
So what, you just decided you
didn't want to hang out with me?
Like all of a sudden, I'm this
annoying, tagalong little sister?
You don't feel like my sister.
- Justin, I told
you- - I know.
But when you were talking about
david maybe being your father,
something-- I-I don't know what--happened,
where I was hoping that we weren'T...
that we're not related.
And I had this weird moment ere I
thought I had feelings for you, okay?
And I know it's sick and it's
wrong, but it was just a moment.
And I need to make sure
that doesn't happen again,
but it doesn't help when you're
just-- are around me all the time.
Do you-- do
you understand?
- Oh, god. Look, I'm sorry.
- I gotta go.
Rebecca, no-- I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. This...
Mom, what are you doing here?
Oh, sarah.
Saul told me everything.
He, uh, wasn't supposed to do that.
Well, why didn't you tell me?
You let me say such
horrible things to you.
You didn't do anything wrong.
Well, that's not true, mom.
I asked saul to pass on a message,
like some 16-year-old girl with a crush.
- Well, you trusted him to handle it.
- It doesn't matter.
And you've got every right
to be furious with me.
I'm furious with me.
I wouldn't be surprised if none
of you talked to me ever again.
Oh, sarah.
You know what? We're all grown-ups.
We can take care of ourselves.
Maybe we won't be as
well-off, but we'll survive.
This is dad's legacy, mom.
He put me in charge.
He left it up to me.
Well, maybe he shouldn't have, sarah.
Ojai was his company, not yours.
You should never have been
pressured to walk in his footsteps.
He never gave you that
choice. He picked you.
From the time you were a little
girl, he saw something in you.
And I...
I let him have you.
Sarah, listen to me.
If ojai goes down...
maybe it's a good thing.
Maybe it's time to let it go.
And then...
finally, you could be your own person.
I am, mom.
Dad didn't force this
on me. I wanted it.
I always did.
Where you been?
I didn't feel like coming home.
Oh, rebecca. What is going on?
You keep making these digs at
me every chance you can get.
What are you so angry about?
- Really, you don't know?
- No.
David splits for no reason, I've
been avoiding you since he left,
and--and you still
can't figure it out?
I took a paternity test.
Yeah, that's right.
I-I took some gross stubble from david's razor
and--and walked into some lab, and guess what?
I never knew.I-I
thought william--
yeah, but you knew there
was a possibility he wasn'T.
I mean, mom, you were clearly
whoring it up with both of them.
I asked you, i begged you to tell me if there
was even a chance that david was my father.
- And you--and you lied to my face! - But you
already thought that william was your father.
- I was trying to protect
you- - no, you weren'T.
You were protecting your--
your business and your money.
Our money. That's right.
I didn't want that
threatened. I still don'T.
I want you to have all the
things that I didn't have.
Oh, that's why you let william walker
die thinking that I was his kid?
How could you do that? He put us up
in this house. He put you in his will.
You--you let his family
believe. You let me believe.
You wanted to believe.
How could you do that
to someone that you love?
Then again, you know what? Maybe
you're incapable of loving anybody.
I mean, look how everybody leaves you.
You sent him away,
didn't you--david?
That's why he left.
- You know, at least he cared.
- What?
He knew what that family meant to me.
I walked into that house and--and
looked at those photographs--
some--some lost girl looking for roots--
and--and they accepted me and they loved me.
You know, you are right.
I-I cannot compete with the walkers.
No, you can't compete. You're
not a mother, not like nora.
Nora had a husband
and a family and money.
I scraped together everything for us.
I took care of you every
single day of your life.
Do you know I wasn't much older
than you when I got pregnant?
Can you imagine that, being here by
yourself and trying to support a child?
But I did it.
And if I had to give up
some of my dreams, so be it,
because from then on, I put you first.
And now you have the
audacity to treat me
like a second-class citizen?
And I allowed it...
because I knew that it
was not easy for you.
but I am done with that.
From now on, if you want to hurt
me, you hurt me from somewhere else.
I want you out of this house.
Fine. I'm gone.
well, did you at least get
to eat something organic?
No, I just had some pretzels.
Yes, I know. Hey, c-can you
hang on. Hold on one second.
hello?
Yeah, I'll accept the charges.
Hello, saul?
Oh, kevin, thank god.
What--what's going
on? Are you okay?
I'm at the police station.
I need you to come down here and get me.
so what happened?
I don't know. I...
I was almost home, kevin.
I was just, like, two
blocks from my house.
I make that turn every day.
I don't know how I missed it.
Your blood alcohol is above
the legal limit. That's how.
I'm sorry.
I seem to be nothing but a
disappointment these days.
Oh, stop it.
At least no one got hurt.
That's not the tru, kevin.
Everyone was hurt. I hurt everyone.
- I hurt nora, sarah- -
everybody screws up, saul.
But it's no excuse to treat
yourself with absolutely no respect.
Kevin, I was fingerprinted
and locked in a drunk tank.
What is there left to respect?
How about me?
How about the people who love you?
Whatever it is you did to ojai, it's
no excuse to drive your car into a tree.
I didn't risk ojai foods
to make money, kevin.
I did it to try and save my life.
I want out.
I want to be free.
Just say it.
I love you, and it's okay.
I'm a gay man, kevin.
Tell me how I can be
a gay man at my age?
I don't know how to
be a gay man at my age.
But I do understand, you're afraid.
I want my time back.
That's the one trick
none of us can pull off.
Saul, if you think this family
is gonna sit back and watch you...
waste the time that you do have
punishing yourself, then you're mistaken.
- Come on. Let's get you home.
- Okay.
- thank you,
kevin.I, uh- - I know.
I know, uncle saul.
Didn't get much sleep last night, huh?
No... not really.
I reread the proposal last night, and maybe
we've been looking at this the wrong way.
Really? What, uh,
what changed your mind?
I think we need to ask ourselves...
what's the right thing to do?
We've, uh, given it a lot of
thought, and, um, we want to help.
Thank you, tommy. I knew you
wouldn't turn your back on ojai.
Well, you should thank holly as well.
She found a way to make
this work for all of us.
I think this is what
william would've wanted.
Oh, god. I-I can't believe
it. I honestly did not think...
Thank you.
And I promise, we will do everything we can to get
you out from under this loan as soon as possible.
Well, we were envisioning a
dierent type of relationship,
- something more permanent than a loan.
- Okay.
Considering all the
risk is on us, we, uh,
we thought it'd be best if ojai
foods and walker landing merged.
A merger was never on the table.
We reviewed your proposal, and
we need more incentive to step in.
Of course you do.
Playing the role of good samaritan--
that's not really you, is it?
I don't think now is a good
time for you to be insulting me.
Of course not.
How exactly would this work?
Who would run the company?
Well, sarah and i would be copresidents.
Well, that sounds doable, doesn't it?
What about you, holly?
Holly will assume the role of
chairman and C.E.O.in the event
that you and i don't agree on
something, she'll have the casting vote.
- You make the final decisions?
- This is an ambush.
Tommy, if you want me out, just
say it. I'll do it to save ojai.
- This is not an ambush.
- Then what is it?
It's business.
You owe a substantial amount
of money, and you need us.
Now I have no intention of
micromanaging ojai foods.
We see this merger as an
opportunity to grow walker landing.
Now if we can do that and save
your father's company, we're in.
Tommy, do you believe this
is the right thing to do?
Mom... we're about to put up walker
landing as collateral to satisfy the bank.
Okay, I wish I could say this was
all about family, but it's not.
I mean, we have to make this
advantageous for both companies.
Otherwise, we're taking on all
the risk with none of the payoff.
I can understand that. Can you, sarah?
Let me make this clear.
This is not a negotiation.
A merger is our only offer.
Well, if it means keeping
ojai in the family,
then I would like to see
this arrangement work.
Sarah?
Please.
Okay.
Rebecca. C-come in.
Sorry. I-I should've called.
no, it's okay. I was-- I was
gonna ll you to a--to apologize,
but I-I didn't know if you wanted
to hear from me. Are you okay?
No. No, I'm not.
There's a lot that's been going on, and
I was hoping that maybe we could talk.
Look, I'm so sorry that I
dumped this garbage on you, okay?
I don't--I don't want
you to--to--to worry
- or--or not want to
be around me... - no.
Because what-whatever
I felt, it is gone.
You know, it's--it's me, and--and
I feel like whenever I get myself,
like, going again, I end up doing something
stupid and hurting the people I love.
- Justin, please-- - okay, no,
it's not that I love you like that
oh, god.You know what? Look...
my point is, I-i just
want you to forget it.
It was stupid, and I let
myself think that for a second,
and it's like whatever sick
part of me felt that is over.
I've--I've
fixed it.
I mean, you know,
I--you're my sister.
No, I'm not.
We're not related.
Your dad's not my dad.
But the test-- you--you
took-- you took a test.
- You said that
david was- - I know.
I-I-I was-- I was
afraid to tell you.
So you lied to me?
No, I'm sorry. It's just, I-I--you've
all become like family to me,
and--and I really
didn't want to lose that,
and I know that you said that
everything would stay the same, but--
- I thought you were different.
- What?
Than your mom, but you're not.
You're exactly the same. You both lie.
- Justin, no. - How could--how
could you do this to me, rebecca?
You promised me that you were gonna tell
me the truth, and I bel--I believed you.
- I'm sorry.I didn't
mean- - just go!
I think you should go. Go.
******* 'Cause you know we only have a
half an hour left in the fertile window.
Yeah, I know, but I
think we tried enough.
I think--I think
we're-- we're good.
yeah, 'cause, you know, it really does
start to feel like a job, doesn't it?
I'm sorry. I just--
you know what?
I don't think I really
wanted to try this month.
Really?
Well, I mean, I...
I did, but I just
really didn't, I guess.
It's just that the next
part is so miserable,
you know, all--all--
all the obsessing.
I hope and I pray...
and then I just get all
disappointed and crushed again.
Well, we gave it a really
good try. We have to hope.
Honey, I... I don't know
how much longer I can do it.
Hey, this is gonna happen.
I don't know how, I don't know when,
but this is gonna happen.
- did you hear the news?
- A merger. It'S...
it's not a bad idea.
Yeah. Well, we'll see, huh?
So why do I get the feeling that's not
what you've come to talk to me about?
- I can't do this, graham.
- This?
Us.
Yeah.
Uh, I guess it was crazy to
think that after everything--
- I mean, you, me, the deal-
- it's not about the deal.
It's not?
It was a good deal.
I guess I just sense that
if things got complicated,
we'd have to face up to who we are.
You mean who I am.
Well, uh, I am a consultant, and,
uh, you make the decisions. So...
what do you advise we do?
Walk away from the table.
Justin? Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
Ojai's gonna be okay.
They're merging with walker landing.
And holly made it happen.
Can you believe it?
- I never thought I'd actually be grateful to her.
- She was lying, mom.
No, no, no. They signed
the papers. I was there.
- Sarah even-- - not
about the business.
About rebecca being our sister.
What?
It was all a lie. She took a test.
Dad wasn't her father.
She's not a walker.
She never was.
- scotty?
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Allow me.
you changed the lightbulbs.
- Don't sound so disappointed.
- No, I'm not.
It's just, you know, I
was supposed to do that.
Well, you seemed a little stressed.
- So I'm giving you a break.
- Really?
- I can't think why.
- That bad?
Oh, well, let me see...
first I was dealing with the family business
being obliterated when justin announced he has,
on occasion, been attracted
to rebecca, our sister.
- What?
- Believe me, it goes on.
Then sarah calls me over because
she's agonizing over dating the guy
whose deal obliterated
the family business.
But--thank you-- the
Pi¨¨ce de r¨¦sistance--
saul, who signed off on the deal
that got the business obliterated,
after being arrested for D.U.I.For
plowing his car into a tree
'cause apparently he's lost the
will to live, finally came out to me.
Oh, my god. Is he okay?
He will be, I think.
But, you know, it's like...
all these crazy people in my
mily are in this insane free fall
and completely incapable of being happy.
And then I look at saul, who...
who's missed his life entirely...
and I realize how lucky I am
because I get to come home to someone
who is kind and caring and
who changes the lightbulbs.
And...
marry me.
what?
I mean it. I-I don't want to wait.
I don't want--I want
to make this official.
- Because I changed the lightbulbs?
- No.
no. Well, yeah, kinda. Because...
scotty, that's who you are.
I am completely,
completely in love with you.
I even love the things
about you that I hate
because you make me feel like I don't
have to be anyone other than who I am.
And to me, that feels like family,
and that's what I want us to be.
I want us to be a family
because that never ends.
I'm doing this all wrong.
Scotty... I am asking you...
will you please marry me?
yes.
yes, kevin, I'll marry you.
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
proudly presents
sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org